Team I
CSC 350
Project Description 




This project is about the scheduling section of courses for the CIS department. The project has six different phases: Planning, System Analysis, and requirements, system design, development, testing, and implementation. The Gantt chart, a part of the planning phase is all about planning our project step by step so that we can follow that plan to reach our goal in order to finish this project. In our Gantt chart, we will have the scheduling where it lets us know what is due when and when there is a need for predecessors. The Data Flow Diagram  which is the system analysis and the requirements is where we find out our client requirements and put it in there so we know what our user wants in that specific program. For this, we will interview the stakeholders, the head of the scheduling department, list the requirements needed for accomplishing the project, and show the whole process in a Data Flow Diagram. Next is the Entity-Relationship Diagram(E-RD), a part of the System Design phase where we design the input and the output phase. We will create it through an online tool called visual-diagram demonstrating the relationship of entity sets stored in databases that we needed to implement in SQL. A user case diagram will also be included in the project to show how the user will interact with the project. A database dictionary will be included to know what each column of the datasets is all about. Then, we will move into the development phase where we will use XAMPP stacks for the development of the project. Lastly, the most important phase, testing, and debugging will be done so that our program will run without any errors. Moreover, when everything is done and we are sure that all the implementation is done, it is going to be posted on the website where it can be accessible for the user to use it. 
Since this project schedules sections of courses, we all will be focusing more on how to make a schedule. The scheduling requires assigning the room number and the day and time to a section of a course. This program is built on user interaction where there will be user input, where it will read the files that the user has provided. Then it will give the course number and the number of days the course will be scheduled, then it will show the list of available rooms. So, the course can be assigned to that room. Then this program will output the list of all scheduled sections with the course number, section number, start time, end time, and room number. Also, there will be another output where there will be a selection of room numbers with a weekly grid of each course section that is scheduled for that room. Finally, the project will give the user the room number and the time for that specific section, which will be used to give the schedule to further people or students.